time now for John Clark and brand or
with a few reflections on Europe's
financial woes your name is Roger yes
Roger ah that's your name Roger good and
what do you do Roger I'm a financial
consultant our financial consultant
Roger yeah terrific and Roger has
business at the moment not bad thank you
been a bit quiet lately how do you mean
lately since the wall been a bit quiet
fair enough okay Roger your special
subject tonight is the economies of the
European community your time startsnow
best of luck thank you how much does
Greece Oh Roger 367 billion dollars
correct and who do they owe it to mostly
to the other European economies correct
how much does ila node 865 billion
correct and who do they owe it to other
European economies mostly correct how
much does spain and italy 0 1 trillion
dollars each correct who to mainly
France Britain and Germany correct and
Howard Germany France and Britain going
Roger well they're struggling a bit are
they correct why because they've lent
all these vast amounts of money to other
European economies that can't possibly
pay them back correct so what are they
going to do they're gonna have to bail
them out correct where are they getting
the money to do that Roger that's a good
question I've heard back the answer to
that one how much does Portugal oh hang
on a minute what was the answer to that
earlier Queen just keep answering the
questions Roger where is Portugal going
to get the money it owes to Germany if
Germany can't get back the money that it
went to Italy just a minute what was the
answer to the previous but the question
was how can broke economy is lend money
to other broke economies who haven't got
any money because they can't pay back
the money the broke economy led to the
other broke economy and shouldn't have
lent it to them in the first place
because the broke economy can't pay it
back you're wasting very valuable time
Roger how much money the Spain Oh to
Italy 41 billion dollars but where are
they going to get it correct what does
Italy Oh to Spain 27 billion but then
got it they're broke correct how can
they pay each other if neither of them
has any money they're going to get a
bailout aren't they correct and where's
the money coming from for the bail
that's what I'm asking you correct why
are people selling the Europe
in currency and buying the US dollar
because the US economy is so much
stronger than the European economy
correct why is that Roger because it's
owned by China correct and very well
done and after that round you've lost a
million dollars I've lost a million i
thought you said well done it's well
done you've only lost a million dollars
that's an extraordinary performance I've
only lost a million very well done and
that's quite good is it oh it's
excellent sell everything immediately
quickly I think it's called laughing as
you sink